
IDAPython for IDA 7.00: backward-compatibility with 6.95 APIs
=============================================================

Availability of the backward-compatibility code
-----------------------------------------------

* Backward-compatibility is provided by python.cfg's
  `AUTOIMPORT_COMPAT_IDA695` directive. This directive is
  currently turned on by default, but in the future it will:
  1. be turned off by default
  1. eventually disappear, and all the corresponding code will be removed

* Consequently IDAPython script/plugin writers should try and port
  their code, with the help of the porting guide XXX FIXME URL? XXX.

* Once you have done the porting, please check that your code works
  with `AUTOIMPORT_COMPAT_IDA695` set to `NO`.

* If anything proves too hard or confusing, please let us know about
  it on <support@hexrays.com>, and we will help you, either by fixing
  IDAPython if needed, or by improving the documentation.


Coverage of the backward-compatibility code
-------------------------------------------

* We did what was reasonably feasible, to provide an IDAPython API
  that's as backward-compatible as possible with the IDA 6.95 API

* However, we considered it unreasonable for some parts of the API
  to be ported. Most notably:
  * the "processor module" API: existing processor modules will
    have to be ported to the new API. Please see the SDK's
    `module/script/proctemplate.py` (or any other `*.py` file in
    that directory) for examples how to use the new API.
  * processor module-related notifications: some of those have either
    been renamed, or have possibly changed signature

* Most (all?) of the renamed functions, properties, etc... should be
  covered, in all modules: `idaapi`, `idc`, ...
  If something doesn't work/isn't there anymore, it's likely an
  omission from our side.

* Please let us know about any missing bits & pieces, that you
  believe should be there and that we might have forgotten!
